Meeting Title: Real estate investment strategy and first property buy box planning
Date: Jan 8

Transcript:
 
Me: Is like. Hello. Sorry I'm so late. Thank you for your patience.  
Them: Okay, now tell us, what was the drama?  

Me: I like the excitement.  
Them: Well, it sounds like we just need to, like. Well, something. One idea that I had is that while we're waiting for. To have enough money to do stuff, to just, like, start looking and be like, okay. Like, if we looked at this property, what would be the numbers? And just start, like, using that as, like, an exercise to be, like, how much do we plan to. Like, if we were to buy this, how much do we. Like, what do we expect would happen?  
Me: Yeah, that would be solid. And if we could come up with our own. Everyone has their own Excel sheet or whatever. Something they use to do like a proper deal analysis. And I think if we could do that, start doing that, that would be good.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: Like practicing, basically, even if we don't actually put down offers, but it's defined buy box still the first step before.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And analyzing potential. You want me to go through the roadmap? Not yet. It kind of is part of it. Okay? Fine. Yeah. Sure. I'm trying to work backwards. So what is the first important thing we need to accomplish? Like if we were to go analyze deals for practice or something. How do we know what deals? Is that where the buy box comes into play? Yeah. Yeah. We need to define our property avatar. As well as the exit strategy went on play. So, like, what type of strategy? Not exit, but like, what sort of, like, strategy do you want? To use.  
Them: So it's. Then it sounds like we should have the, like, a deal analysis spreadsheet so that we can compare deals and be like, oh, based on this information, this is what our buy box should be. Otherwise, I mean, I guess we could just guess, but wouldn't that be better?  
Me: No, I don't think we need to necessarily guess. Like, I think we've kind of narrowed it down. I mean, I feel like I've narrowed it down quite a bit based on, like, what seems to make the most sense. Can you share your screen and go through this? How do we get to. The calend. Ar and. Right. I need to open up Calendar. We can pull it up and share your screen. I don't think I. Can. You're gonna have to do it. You can do it. I have to restart. Oh, my. God. Techn. Ical difficult. Ies.  
Them: Okay? I'm here, right? You guys hear me? Okay?  
Me: Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute. And. Camera. Okay? Share your screen. All right. Camera's off. Okay? Can you hear me?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Okay? So I think so. In order to get. Like what? What's considered residential real estate investing is like these, where you can get conventional loans for single family or small, multifamily, so one to four units. So that's like a regular home, like what we have. Or a duplex, triplex, fourplex. So up to four. In one building. Is, you can still get regular conventional loan funding for. Which I think makes the most sense right now. In general, people like, I think, at least based on just zillowing around here. Duplexes are not that common, but they're probably the most common of the multifamily options. And then single family homes. There's a lot of small ones that are about three bedrooms, one bath or two baths. There's two bedroom, one bath or two bath, like, stuff like that. Which I think would be like, Good. And I think what we need to do is narrow down the actual, like, location. Is there like a. Like what exactly are the attributes in a buy box? That we need to define. Just like, when you go to, when you, when you talk to a realtor, essentially you're like, here's what I'm looking for. And, like, the way people describe it is like, I'm looking for a, like, whatever parameters. And some people get very specific. Like, maybe they're like, it has to. Have, like, a pretty big lot where I can section off part of the lot in order to use the other part of the lot or. It has to have, like, at least 1,200 to 1,500 square feet so that I can make an extra bedroom or something or, like, you know, whatever. Something like that where we can get a specific as we want based on what our strategy is. I think the tricky bit is, like, just. We're deciding how much we can bite off. In our first property because I feel like there's a lot of really interesting strategies out there that would be really cool to implement. Like what I was telling you about with Better, for instance. Where if we bought a property that had. An extra like. Like, lot on it where we could build onto that, but we've never done that before, so it's also like, do we want to do that for our first deal? Which we could. Or do we want to get, like, just something that is rent ready and, like, maybe is already even rented out? Like, there's a couple of duplexes on the market right now. Which already have tenants. And we could decide if the numbers work for us. Like, they're already rented out. We would just keep the existing tenants however long they want to, and then in a year, a couple years, whenever the tenants move out, then we could decide to, like, rehab the property, and then. And then. Do whatever with it. But we. How do we narrow those options down? Yeah. So that, I think, has to come back to our. Why, like, why are we doing this? And come back to our strengths and resources that we have. So, like, for instance, everyone says play to your strength. So if your strengths. For instance, like if we had to manage a rehab project with both of us having full time jobs, like, especially if you were working at Kajabi or something, that would probably be really challenging because we just don't have that kind of time. But if we have some time and we have some capability to. Do that, then maybe that's something we can take on or.  
Them: When, realistically, would we ever have time then to, like, put into rehabbing a place?  
Me: Yeah. Or we. Like, decide we can get. We have the resources to get the right people for the job where we can, like, totally trust them and still sleep well at night. Not really, you know, being that involved, this ourselves, anyway. No, no, I know, I know, but, like, I don't know. I think I just am, like, a little bit. Like, but I can't quite imagine is what it'll feel like to, like, entrust someone else with the property. Completely who, whomever is doing the, like, work on it or whatever. Like, I guess I don't know how it'll feel to be, like, more or less involved. And so it's hard to.  
Them: So even. So. Sorry. Question for even. Even when we're rehabbing, if we, like, hire, like, a contractor to go and, like, do a bunch of work on the house, We're still the ones defining what work to do on the house, right? Like, we don't just be like, here's a house, can you guys fix it up for us?  
Me: Right. Like, to some degree, we have to make those decisions. Yeah. To a full degree. To a full degree? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like, there is some stuff like that probably will just need to get done. Like, any repairs or like, things that need to be replaced, that sort of stuff we'll just probably need to get done. Like, yeah, we decide if we want to do it, but most likely you'll have to. And we should know that going in. Like we should be deciding that stuff even before we purchase property.  
Them: Right. Okay, so then. Then I feel that when we. Since since those decisions are independent of the contractor, then the way that we do it is we would to find a trusted contractor. We would go through, like, the network to be like, well, who are other contractors that people have worked with that they trust? Because other people are doing this, right?  
Me: Yes. And I haven't talked to contractors yet, so I really besides better, which is technically a construction company. I haven't talked to anyone else that does the actual like construction work or anything really. So I don't know. Yeah, but I'm sure they like that was not the worries I had. Honestly, this feels a lot like hiring someone for your startup or company and just you have to trust and delegate to them at some point. Okay. Make you feel that way. I guess for me, it's just like. It's. It's like I feel like I can go as far as I can imagine, and then I just can't. I haven't gotten to that part yet because in my head, I haven't met contractors yet, and. I haven't really met property managers yet, so I feel like that part is, well, you know, who know people.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: I'm sure.  
Them: So then that. That part isn't actually something that we is like. In that scenario. Is it still something that you don't think we could do while having full time jobs?  
Me: No. I don't think it's prohibitive. I think we could. Whatever it is that we decide to do, I think we could figure it out. And, like, we'll have to figure it out. You know what I mean? Like, if we put ourselves in a situation where we bitten off a little bit more than we can chew. I think that we just. We just have to adjust and figure it out. I think we will. I do think we should go in intentionally defining, like, the minimum or, sorry, the maximum. We are willing to put our time into it because at some point something's going to break. We can't get fired from our jobs or like. Yeah, and I don't. Yeah, I don't want to health or something. Risk, but I also assumed. Pretty confident that we could find good people here. Or wherever we decide because we know friends here in real estate. And then we have all the connections you already have so far. For me like my I would not be comfortable committing to like us trying to define a target. Property. Where, like, when we do the financials and the like, projections. We're assuming that we are going to do a lot of the DIY or something to save money. For whatever reason. Like I would not feel comfortable doing that. For, like, risk reasons, but also just time. Like, we would have to learn and go do it and fuck it up and then fix it. Like, as an example, that's where I would draw a line. But I feel okay finding, like, being able to find people. For things. Yeah. Like, if we had to, I think we would just force ourselves to go and do it, that's all. Yeah. I also kind of personally assumed I don't know about you two. That this would be like a big time commitment even if we do delegate, but we had sort of like, Committed to that anyway. Like, that's what real estate is. And hopefully, over time, it decreases. But the first one is probably gonna. Yeah, we're gonna be, like, all in it. I feel like. Yeah. Not a full time job, hopefully. No, but like, it'll be like. I don't know, it'll be like when we bought our house, but, like, maybe a little bit more. I don't know. We could talk to people, but anyway. Looking online. These are very simple buy box templates, but its price, location, location is like region, state, property type which you talked about. Passivity. The example is turnkey rentals, property management already in place. Is that, like, risk tolerance? So turnkey rentals just means, like, there are people out there that are. They set the whole thing up. So they, like, find a property, they fix it all up, they get our tenant, they put the property manager in place, and then. They sell the whole situation to an investor is how much work you want to put into the place. Okay, so that's, like, how much rehab and fixing and how much active work you want to do in all this, and then returns that you're aiming. So 10% as an example. What is cash on cash Again? Cash on cash means, like, the amount of cash you put in when you calculate out yearly how much cash you're going to get out of it. The deal. That's how much it means. So, for instance, if you put in $50,000 into a deal, And let's say you're keeping it. As a long term rental and it cash flows about $500 a month. So that $500 times 12 is $6,000. So $6,000 divided by the $50,000 that you put in is your cash on cash return. Okay? Okay? So I'm just copying over the. So it's, like, essentially the reason why cash on cash is, like, a good metric to use. It's not the only metric, but it's a good metric is because if we're going to put this money into real estate, we have to compare it to the other investments that we could be putting this money into. So, for instance, if we put $50,000 into the stock market, we could probably make like 8%, whatever that is. So if we're aiming for a return on this investment, the whole point is to, like, make money. Right. So we're trying to aim for a higher return than you would make on the stock market. That being said, I think for our first couple of deals, if we're going to keep them as long term rentals. It's probably okay for that cash on cash return to not be as high as 8%, mainly because one, that's hard to find, especially here in Durham. And then two, rent goes up sometimes, not necessarily every year, but every couple of years rent should go up. And your mortgage stays the same. So technically, your cash flow should go up, and so therefore your cash on cash return should increase over time. And then there's, like, other metrics of success with real estate, too. It's not just the cash flow that you're getting, it's also how much you're buying down your mortgage and all the tax benefits that you get from it. So it's not exactly like a one to one comparison, but sure. We probably don't need to define the buy box live. It's going to take more than this meeting. Is there a way for us to separate out the different parts of the Bible, or do you feel like some of them need to go hand in hand? Like if we were to go off and look up.  
Them: Is there a way to delegate this?  
Me: Yeah. Like, can we split up? Property type, price, location. I already know what I think we should do, so I think, like, how would you fill these in? We have this. I said that? Yeah. One to two units. Two to four bathrooms. Okay, so that's bedroom. That's the property type. What do we need? Price. Price? I've been looking under 3,000. 300,000. But, like, honestly, a lot, because I've been looking on Zillow. It's just like, what's out there. That was based on supply. Yeah, I think that a lot of. But, like, realistically, I think we need to aim a little bit lower because the rents that are out there right now are, like, under $2,000. And unless we get a duplex, I feel like we're not going to really cash flow a property. Duplex or unless we get, like, a really nice, you know, three bedroom, two packs, or you would make it a duplex. No, it's currently. Okay? And so, like, if you have two one bedroom units or two two bedroom units, that's obviously going to make more than one two bedroom unit or, you know, one, whatever. And the other thing that I was thinking about was so then basically working backwards and being like, okay, what kind of mortgage do we need in order to get a certain amount of cash flow and return and aiming for that price. And the other thing that you guys should know is that no matter what people put as the list price, you can offer whatever you want. So somebody could put their property up for a million dollars and you could ask for $200,000. Right? You could ask for whatever makes sense to you. They don't have any. Obligation to agree.  
Them: So this price is based off of our estimate of what the property is worth, not the list price.  
Me: Exactly.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: ARV baby, or whatever it was called. Maximum Max Level offer. Yeah, there it is. So, yeah, so it's like whatever we calculated out to be, and that's what we should decide to offer. And that should bake in our expected returns. And if we're going to aim for something that we can flip, then we need to aim for a decently high return, like 30 to 40%, because it's going to come with, like, a pretty significant error margin. So for location. Have you been able to narrow down at all? I mean, I've been looking at regions around downtown Durham. I really don't know them that well, so. Like, the cheapest properties around nccu, like the. But probably also the shittiest area. That's where I just was, actually. Yeah. And so I don't. I'm not sure. And then, like, east of downtown is also, like. And a little bit north of downtown, like, northeast and east. There is like, properties that are. You can find that are. That have been sitting on the market for a long time. There are also, like, I'm looking for areas that, like, have some really high valued homes like, that have recently sold at a really high cost. So, like, something in the 500, 600 range? But also has properties that are, like, shitty so that we can renovate them and somebody would actually want to buy them, you know what I mean? Not just, like, trying to renovate, like, a property really nicely in a shitty area where nobody's even going to buy that. So I feel like I don't really know yet what are all the nuances of that, because I feel like our personal opinion about some of these areas might not actually be what. You know, like other people might feel. Yeah. I think this is where deal analysis comes in. And this is also where talking to someone who really knows the market, that level of detail, like an actual realtor, would come in, I think they would be able to help narrow that down. Oh, sorry. And then. Yeah, I think we should figure out how to do this objectively and also. I don't know how much work or time is going to take, but ideally we cover as much. Ground across this area so we don't miss pockets just because we don't think about them. So everyone says that. Do you want me to. First of all, do you want me to go through this whole thing because we skipped over market analysis? Yeah, we can do one and two. We can come back to the team. And everything else later. Start with market analysis and what you learned, at least. Yeah, I haven't. I haven't actually rerun these numbers since I last showed you sri. But I think I probably should just confirm. But I think we also have still decided that we're going to try to invest in somewhere in this area. Anyway.  
Them: Is it possible to rerun these numbers with, like, more granular locations?  
Me: Like. Like zip codes, you mean?  
Them: Yeah, sure. I don't know, like regions inside of Durham.  
Me: Yeah, like neighborhoods or whatever. Yeah, a good question. Counties. Whatever it is, I don't know. I do not. Know, but I also don't know that I have to run like. All of these numbers. I think this is just to kind of give us. Just to make sure that the area is generally a good place to go, as opposed to, like, trying to invest in Cincinnati when everybody's leaving. You know what I mean? Like, you know, it's like we're trying to make sure that. We're picking a general location that is growing. And I think, like, This area really is still growing. Yeah, I think. Yeah. I mean, it's. April is the last time we ran this. These numbers, so we should definitely do it again. And I think if we could go one level deeper than, like, Durham or Raleigh, that would be nice. I don't think. I don't think we should go too far.  
Them: You run humming Georgia.  
Me: I. Don't want to invest in Georgia. I don't really like it.  
Them: Okay? Because I just. I don't know if you've noticed, but coming. Georgia has exploded in the 10 years that we've. That mother and father have moved there.  
Me: Oh, yeah, I know. But I don't think people are renting there, are they? We'd have to look it up.  
Them: No, but. No, they're probably not renting too much.  
Me: And there's a lot of new construction there. I mean, you could look it up. I mean, the whole goal here is to do this objectively. Yeah, that's the whole point.  
Them: Yeah, if it's not too much effort. I'd like to submit requests. You know what I mean?  
Me: This is the time to do it. I mean, it would be a different dynamic because none of us would be there, but we could figure that out if it seems to be the best option.  
Them: I'm just curious, because it'll also just help me gauge my own experience with what these like and match it up to what these numbers show.  
Me: And rocky mount. Rocking up north carolina. It's where it's like an hour. It's like similar to gold Bro. But as long as I can be convinced there's demand. Because I'm always suspicious of middle of nowhere. But I mostly also get surprised sometimes. So we'll see. Yeah. I also don't want us to go, like, we can cover more areas. I think that's good. I also. I don't think we should go too deep into, like. City, like neighborhoods and county lines and all that kind of stuff, because we'll just get data fatigue at some point. Like, we just need to know directionally, like, do we want to focus on the triangle? Like, Durham, Raleigh carry or like Georgia suburbs or like, yeah, whatever. And then we can drill into that. So if you two added to action items already, but if you want to, like, catch him up on how you ran those, and then you two could figure out.  
Them: Okay? Okay?  
Me: How to do that. And I can toss in more cities if I come up with any. Yeah, I feel like AI will help a lot with this. I think I. I just did all with Google. Not your data scientist brother. What? Rude. I make him go and Google all this stuff like what is a median rent Google. But I'm sure you could speed this up. No, I'm hoping. Sri. I'm hoping you'll help me with the deal analysis spreadsheet. Oh, deal analysis. Yeah. Dill ounce. Yeah, but this is the first thing we got to do. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, someone's got to do this, so then this. Once we narrow it down, I think we have. A decent buybacks going. Location is probably the biggest. Question mark passivity. How do people feel about. Amount of effort. How do you define passivity? It's not. Like money, right?  
Them: I think we're one past wanting to just hold on to a property and never touch it. Right. We're willing to touch the property.  
Me: So I think we should. Okay. What is the talk about this though? Because there are. There is a company like. Remember I told you about this company called Rent to Retirement and they just sell you turnkey rental properties. And so, like, basically, you just put in money and then they give everything to you, and then now you own it. And it already has a property management company. Granted, the returns are much, like, not as great right now, and they're not going to be in our backyard. That's definitely going to be somewhere else, like, Alabama or wherever, random bomb fuck places. But it's. It's. These types of things are options. And. I think it comes back to our why. Why are we doing this? And I feel like. I feel like we all have to think about it a little bit. Like, is our goal to get out of our job as soon as possible and make the most amount of money as soon as possible in order to, like, like most amount of cash flow as soon as possible? To, like, be able to quit our day jobs, or is it that we are trying to work for 30 years and we just want to have generational wealth in 30 years? And I think those things can both be true. But these types of things are. Going to be like. They'll help guide our decision making. You know? Yeah. Why don't we go around the circle? And just brain dump what we're thinking for that. I think it's a good.  
Them: I think I'll go first because my thoughts are fresh. I think for our first purchase, I'd like to have something. That. I don't. I don't want to do the. The turnkey thing over in some other state. I'd like to have some place where we have that's local to at least you guys. So that we have the option to rehab it if we want to.  
Me: Why?  
Them: Because I want. To be slightly more aggressive than being fully passive, but I also don't want to be so aggressive. As to be overwhelmed by our first deal. And, like, and pick up a property where it. It doesn't give us anything unless we do a lot of work.  
Me: So it sounds like medium level of risk and effort. Somewhere in there. But why? Like, what is. What are you working towards?  
Them: I am working towards. Slightly more money. I don't. I don't want to. I don't intend to lose my day job. In, like, the next 10 years.  
Me: Okay? So what is your goal for all this?  
Them: Money.  
Me: What is slightly more money. For you.  
Them: If I was making, like, another 50k. From this.  
Me: Per year.  
Them: For a year.  
Me: So, like, eventually, in the next, I don't know how long, but, like, let's say five to 10 years. The extra 50k or, like, what time line are you hoping to get there? Roughly.  
Them: Let's say in five years.  
Me: In five years. Extra 50k, okay? And to do what? Like, just to, like, live life.  
Them: Yeah. Like that's. That's. That money lets me live comfortably.  
Me: Based on what?  
Them: Based on. The cost of living in San Diego.  
Me: Current expenses? Probably, yeah. Is it based on your current expenses like you think? If you.  
Them: Yeah. It's based on my current expense. Like that money means that I can. Plus, my day job means that I get to live a very comfortable lifestyle and I don't have to worry about saving. I don't have to worry too much about, like, saving money. I don't have to be, like. I don't have to say no to travel. Basically.  
Me: Okay, but it doesn't help you, like, buy a house.  
Them: No, it doesn't. It literally just gets me to, like. Comfortable.  
Me: If you wanted cover a chunk of a mortgage.  
Them: Well, it would. Maybe it might help me buy a house, but at the very least, it would help me cover retirement.  
Me: What are you trying to get at? No, I just. I'm trying to make sure that this is like you're. Because I don't think it's wrong to think big. Right? Like, I think it's okay to be like, okay, yeah. I'd be happy with 50k in 5 years as my minimum. But I would love to get to. You know, like, be able to buy a home in. In San Diego, where it's going to cost me $2 million or whatever. You know?  
Them: I see. So, okay, I've given a minimum. I have to. Let me have a maximum.  
Me: Just, like, what is your actual dream, you know, like, for this. Oh. Boy.  
Them: Oh, I see. In my head. The dream was infinity.  
Me: I think we also can draw a line. Like, we don't need to aim for, like, let's just suck the world dry, you know? We're looking for something, right? We all want, like, something from our lives. Okay? Can we take, like, 30 seconds of quiet time to think about that? Yeah, thanks. Because I also don't know. I don't know either. I'm adding this in the notes section of the agenda, by the way, if you want to drop it in. I actually already have this written down. I, like, don't even know I'm pretending. I don't know. There's. Notes running. Oh, sorry. Can you, like, you can edit it, can you? No idea. Of course, now we'll want to find. Out. You tell them? Please. No. Thank you, zuko. What do you mean? It's too quiet. He reacts to everything. How does. Tax on real estate work. Is it capital gains? So if you sell it, you'd have to pay capital gains taxes, which is like, anywhere between 10 to 20%. But the amount of. The amount of money that you make from like, your cash flow on your rental property oftentimes get offset by various things. Real. Istic. I'm not sure if any of. This stuff is realistic yet, but we have to figure it out. Okay? Would any luxury on your dream.  
Them: Yeah. I have an unrealistic goal, which is to make an additional 100k per year by next year.  
Me: Okay? Okay, so you have like. Yeah. We didn't say tomorrow. No. Okay, so let's just say 100k per year, and then we can figure out what real estate. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I guess time horizons for me is all made up. Yeah, okay.  
Them: By next year. And then after that have it go more and more, you know what I mean?  
Me: Exponential. Okay, what is your minimum? I think my minimum would be if we could just have enough cash flow to pay off our expenses if needed. Like if both of us didn't have a job for some reason. So, like, $120,000 per year. Whatever. Exactly. Yeah, yeah. 128. That's minimum. Our dream. Minimum, and let's just say, like, five years. Okay. What's the dream? Okay. What? I'm going for what I want in life. Is the freedom of choice and freedom from obligation. Like I. If I want to move. I shouldn't feel like, oh, how am I going to afford two mortgages? I want to be able to move or whatever, you know, I want to buy a second home somewhere. I should be able to do that. If I want to pay off my loan. Well, all the loans should be paid off. I think everybody should be paid off.  
Them: One second. Sorry.  
Me: Shush. That wasn't it for you. What are you going to do? What is it going to answer it. Go and sit. No. Come. Good boy. Good touch. Good. Wake up. Okay, so what does that equate to financially? Sure. Let's make it up. Yeah. You got five to ten years to figure it out. Well, I already. I probably need. Like, I probably need, like, a million dollars for a year. No, no, no. Total. At some point. Like fluid, liquid. Trash somewhere. From real estate or income. To pay off all these loans. And like debt. Do you want to accumulate a million dollars? At some point. I'm not sure. All right? I want to say earn a million dollars from real estate. We can define what the hell that means.  
Them: I changed my dream. I wanted to be 300k a year in 10 years.  
Me: The guy was too low. Fuck this.  
Them: I forgot. I forgot that part of my dream is I could retire.  
Me: Where did. You. Ah, you want financial freedom too? Yeah. Damn it. Now I feel like I'm. Everyone does. That's the whole point of this.  
Them: Everyone does.  
Me: So. And I think I would bring your attention to your guys time horizons. Real estate is not a get rich quick scheme. And anyone tells you otherwise, it's lying to you, so.  
Them: Sorry.  
Me: That's what I say. Also, your time horizon is the same, but you have triple the amount. 10 years. Can we just remove the time horizon? Yeah, like in the next X years. Because, like, next 10 years, Georgia's making shit up. But we do need some understanding of, like, I think, what the urgency is, because that'll tell us, for example, if we flip 100% or we burr 100% or we turn key 100% or a mix. But we really don't have to be this specific as like three versus six years, because it's all made up. If you look at when money really starts, like the compounding of money really starts to make a difference, it's after 10 years. So like, damn. Yeah. So like, I think if we had a good amount of money to put into this, like 500k, like, that effective compounding will see it around that 10 year mark. And I think like, in that time, everything that we do from here on out is going to compound as well. So I think 10 is pretty solid, safe, like. To aim for something good. And I think it will also stop us from taking unnecessary risks trying to reach unrealistic goals. Okay? Was that? I honestly think he's understimulated. Suko, come here. So annoying. Suko. This is too quiet. Yeah, okay. Cool. Good exercise. So going back, the whole point of that was to figure out passivity, but also risk and return. Like, I feel like they all go together. Like, you move one. The other one's going to change. I think. Yeah. So going back to. I was going to say I can. I can. If you two are going to do the analysis stuff like location, price stuff. I can take the passivity thing and then do some research. To see. Like what? Mix of a portfolio our like minimums would look like or could look like probably a different combinations. And then we can talk about that and work backwards from that to, like, what our first one or two properties might look like. Does that make sense? I think we're going to need to have a combination of lips and. Long term held properties in order to get the time horizon that we're looking for. Mainly because people who hold on to stuff for the long term, it's great. For the long term, but I feel like if you really want financial freedom from this, The cash flow isn't going to add up quickly enough. And you have to pull your money out somehow. So, like, whether that's in the form of burrs or selling. And so I think in this particular market, It seems like prices are kind of stagnant or dropping a little bit or prices properties staying on the market for, like, longer. And I don't know if realtors have a sense of what is still, like, if things are selling quickly and if there's like a certain property avatar that is selling fast. And maybe we can aim for that and like work backwards from that. But yeah, I'll try and factor that into podcast mention some of that too. I think the other variable is. Amount of risk that we are willing to take on with the first one or two. Because it's not just, like, chances that we get the money back. It's also all the, like, stress that comes with it. Yeah. Like headaches. Everything, like every mistake, for example. Or, like, extra cost? Builds like compounds on that initial risk too. So it kind of depends, like what like turnkey would be like extremely hands off. Sleep it really well at night. But like lower return and then flip or something. Something high risk would be the opposite. Well, I think there's like degrees of flips, right? So there's like just cosmetic and like when we say flip, which I think we're talking about, is value add. Like, we're talking about rehab you. Rehab it higher. Yeah. So I think, like, the stuff that is lower risk is the routine things that people do all the time. So, like, replacing. I mean, this may be more expensive, but I feel like it's like. Normal amount of risk, like replacing a roof, replacing an H vac or some other appliances, redoing some cosmetic things like new paint, new flooring, whatever, you know, new tile, stuff like that. The things that are higher risk, everyone says, is when you start, like, adding to the thing, so adding plumbing. Or adding. New. Rooms or, you know, like, unless it's, like, something very easy. I think there are also other ways to find risk, too, like. Not in the rehab, but, like, if we decide numbers wise. Coming. Or maybe not coming, but like a random suburb in Georgia is our best bet on paper. That could also be higher risk because none of us can get there very easily. And so everything is like, hands off remote. Brand new people. Your parents might not even be able to help. It's like an unknown risk. We just don't know what we're going to like and it would be harder. So that is extra risk. Versus like, if it's down the street, that de risks it a little bit. So, anyway, I'll do some research and figure out, like, what are all the risks that we should think about. And then we can reconvene. And talk through what our appetite for risk might be. Okay. And I kind of also put this in the property avatar. Like, I don't think we should go for properties that are completely unlovable, have fire, return my damage. Because those are things that also add to, like, unknown cost, too. Sometimes you, like, can't. Look at it and say, oh, this needs to be done. Like, we can't factor all of it in until sometimes you rip open the wall and then that could. After you actually, like, buy it, and it could. It could be too much. Yeah, I like that. Okay? Cool. Yeah. I think that was it for that. Yeah, we can probably pick up the rest of the roadmap thing. Next time. Because we have to. Yeah, we. We doing this once a week, so we don't want to take too much time. Each week it's been.  
Them: Yeah. Okay. My plan is to try and figure out how to calculate what. Where did it go? Where did it go? A max allowable offer is. Or would you rather that I help with the market analysis?  
Me: So.  
Them: At least over the next week.  
Me: I haven't updated everything, but basically I was doing this deal analysis, five day challenge. If you want to do it with me, you can. But basically, it's this guy that Brandon Turner. He wrote some books that I've read. He is doing this, like, five day deal analysis challenge where, like, every day he gives you, like, some homework. He's talked about, like, income, he's talked about expenses, like how to calculate this stuff. And then today he's talking about how, basically, how to do. To tell if a deal is a good one. And so I'm kind of doing that already. And. What about the. The market. And so the market. I think the market analysis might be more helpful for you to do.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: Okay, so maybe you two can kid each other up and you can catch him up. On.  
Them: Okay. I'll try and find some time this weekend.  
Me: Cool. Cool. We don't have to do this now, but I took the transcripts from the two podcasts. I only listened to the first one. I read through the summary of the second one. Ran it through Claude. It summarized that. And then I also made this, like, slide deck with another AI tool so it's easier to read. We should talk about that next time. I did include in there. No, we should. I think I include in there, like grains of salt because they're incentivized in various ways, the hosts. But I think there are some things that we should talk about because it could impact how we define our buy box for the first property. For example, the first episode was all about like this great stall and how short term returns or short term stuff like a flip. He doesn't think would be great for this market because the values, property value isn't going to change significantly. Or it's like going down. Or it could go down in the short term versus like a burr and renting. You could hold onto it. But he's also way more not passive. Like he's more buying, like, holding investor because he has a portfolio and so he wants to accumulate versus. Get returns quickly so they can snowball in the initial phase. But something we should think about once we've defined our buy a box. Like, what do we feel like is realistic in this economy? Which I think is something we haven't. I haven't researched.  
Them: Keep in mind, by the time we have funds, it'll be towards the end of the year. And all of his predictions were for 2026.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So by that change.  
Me: I think we don't need to time the market at all. Like, if we wanted to do a flip, we certainly can. What we need to do is bake in some extra added padding to the potential profit margin so that so that it, like, adds in that potential risk that we don't sell at the price that we want to or as quickly as we want to. Yeah, we should also. See if we can find some sort of trends. To incorporate that into, like, our project. Interest rates. Interest rates, supply and demand. Job volume.  
Them: Here's a crazy question is, is it not possible to just, like, if you, like, had 10 properties, to potentially just plug them into some analysis. And then wouldn't you not just get, like, the best option of those 10?  
Me: Yeah. What do you mean, get? You would get a best option, but none of them. Also, you run the risk of none of them penciling out. So it's more like you're not trying to. I don't think we're necessarily trying to maximize. I think what we're trying to do is satisfy. Like we just want to have. We want to define what our hopeful returns are and then find a property that fits that. Those numbers. And if it doesn't work, it doesn't work. We're not going to get emotional about it just because we want to buy a property.  
Them: Okay? Okay? Got it.  
Me: Yeah. So even if it takes 10, takes 30, takes 50, takes 100. If we're still not finding anything after analyzing 100, whatever, like, tons of properties.  
Them: I understand.  
Me: Then we may have to make some adjustments to some of our assumptions.  
Them: I see. Okay.  
Me: Not. Not our assumption. Some of our, like, hopeful returns maybe are. Maybe something is unrealistic.  
Them: I understand.  
Me: Yeah. Cool. Yeah, I think. At least for now, I think Trees. Right. We should just keep this simple for the next couple of months and just get the fundamentals under our belt and. We can see how the market changes. As it goes. We'll just adjust. Okay? Anything else. For today, at least.  
Them: Don't forget to work on your piece of juicy gossip for our next meeting.  
Me: Set the bar really high for today. So what is our homework? Okay, I wrote it down here, but you too are going to one some of you is going to do rerun the market analysis and if you want to add cities or geos, go for it. And then if you can go, like, one level deeper than, like. Top level city that might help us, like, narrow down areas. And then I'll do. I guess the other piece is smaller pieces of the buy box. I just feel like I need to visualize, like, the matrix of passivity and return. And the different types of deals, and then we can. I'll use our minimum goals. For, like, the next couple years and work backwards from that. Okay? And then next week if I find it helpful. Maybe next week I'll share with you the. These videos because they're pretty short. They're like less than five minutes long or whatever. The deal thing. Yeah, they're not that long, but they. He goes over, like, his version of deal analysis, and I think it's helpful to. To hear, like, lots. Of it's helpful for me to hear multiple people talk about how they analyze deals because they all give, like, little tidbits of, like, how they like some of their assumptions about stuff. Yeah, definitely. It would be nice. It's just nice to hear what variables people are thinking about. Yeah, that'll help. Cool. Outside of that, I am. Trying to get all of the info we're ingesting from, like, learning, like, podcasts, courses, and transcripts. Into Claude in, like, one place, so if we have questions later, we can use it as, like. Mentor slash, like strategy partner. I'm already going to forget what's his face. I already forgot his name, the course.  
Them: Wow.  
Me: Oh, I don't know. The Kajabi course, dude. Greg? I don't know. We're going to learn a lot, and we're also, like, individually going to learn a lot, so it'd be nice to have it in one place. So I'll try and get a first version for next week that we can use.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: That's probably good enough for us for a week. I think so. Yeah.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: Cool. Work team.  
Them: Good work, team.  
Me: This is not.  
Them: Good.  
Me: I was telling the X that I'm so happy I recruited the two of you into this.  
Them: Yeah, it's fun to work with people.  
Me: Will be fun. I feel like that's been my big success over this last year is that I've convinced you that this is a dream worth fighting for. Y. Eah. Yeah. I'm pleased. Okay?  
Them: By 5w.  
Me: All. Right. Bye. Say hi Vish for us there.  
Them: Ow. Now. She went to the grocery store.  
Me: Oh. Nice, okay? We were talking about Percy Jackson, but I haven't watched it yet.  
Them: Oh. I heard. I heard. You.  
Me: Okie doke.  
Them: Okay, bye.  
Me: Which one? Watch. Yeah. 
