Meeting Title: Mtg agenda - 1/15
Date: Jan 15

Transcript:
 
Them: Real estate investing strategy analysis. Average corner.  
Me: I. Ended up. All right, should we start with the market analysis stuff? Sure. How'd you all do? How far do you. Get. I did it today.  
Them: Oh, you did?  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Wow. Wait, how did you just go manually? Oh, my God.  
Me: I didn't want to sit in. I mean, it took me like an hour. Didn't actually take that long.  
Them: Oh. My God.  
Me: Share your screen. Yeah. Okay? So I organized it actually only. By median home price at the moment like cheapest market to the most expensive. Just to start. Essentially what I'm looking for. And right now I'm not so bothered by this one year price growth thing because I think in general, the markets are cooling over all across the country. And that's good for us, actually, because that means we can. At a not at a premium. And I'm also not immediately bothered by rent. But I think initially a lot of people talked about this rent to price ratio because they basically said that like a rental price ratio of close to one was where you start to cash flow. But if you notice, most of these markets, the rent to price ratio is really quite low. And it's like as a market as a whole, so this is probably more relevant for individual properties. But even so. I think it'll be very challenging to find such a property. Where you're getting, let's say, $2,000 a monthly rent, and it costs $200,000 to find that type of thing is going to be tricky. Doesn't that change? Based on the interest rate. Like $200,000. It's a very rough. Number. It's like, just like one of the rule of thumb values that people have cited in the past as being, like, one way that they use to screen deals. I see. Okay, so anyway. Population growth is what I was kind of looking for, making sure that population was growing and that jobs were growing. 7% coming. I guess. So. Why? And then also Zebulon. I thought that was kind of interesting, even. Is that. It's like a suburb of Raleigh. Sounds dope. Yeah. It's far. Way past. Oh, my God. That's where a lot of these new construction homes are now being built, like in Wendell and Zeppelon. So it's like following the path of progress is something that they say too, like a concept. If you buy in the path of progress, then eventually people catch up. And that's what a lot of home builders, like big builders, will do, is they sort of start building in the path of progress because it's still cheap to build there. But it'll search. Like. Increase. Anyway. Unemployment rate. I had put green if it's below the national rate and red if it's above it. Household income was mainly used to measure this rent to wage ratio. Rent is also a rough estimate of just like if it's you're more likely to have renters if the rent is low compared to the wages like people not defaulting on their rent. Vacancy rate is mainly for underwriting calculations. I don't think it really makes a huge difference immediately for us. And then median days on market is also to be aware of. So that we know if property has been on the market for 30 days, for instance, versus 100 days or whatever, in like any particular market, we would know how likely the seller is to negotiate. But also potentially how hard it is to sell the place after. Y. Eah. We're going to rehab. It probably. But higher. Yeah. That takes us back to our exit strategies, whether we want to keep the property or sell it. Right? Yeah, but I thought what was kind of interesting was I met with this woman on Monday who invests in Rocky Mount. And I don't think she did all of this analysis before she decided to go and pull the trigger on Rocky Mountain. She just decided to go and buy property there because sheep. And it just. In my mind, it goes to show that even though all of these fundamentals are not exactly there, She is still finding properties where she can rehab them and find cash flow afterwards. And she's managing to do that and still turn a profit right now. Within the last five years. And so it has a relatively high unemployment rate, has a decent rental price ratio, whatever. Very moderate to not really at all population growth. So, like all these things, I don't know. I probably wouldn't have chosen to invest in Rocky Mount, and I still don't think we should, but when was the last time she did. She's been there since 2020. She's bought, like, essentially a property a year in Rocky Mount. Actually, one of her properties is in the Wilson, which is not too far from there. Since then. Okay, so that's. I mean, it's also like the ex. Maybe the exception, not the rule. But let's assume. It just gives me hope that if we actually look at the fundamentals and pick a place that will have a better. But then in that case, which columns here, if you were to pick, like. Three matter the most. I think median or like price probably matters because. We have to be able to get into the market. And then I think population and job growth matter, but I don't. Again, I don't really know. I don't know if any of this is like a make or break. At the end of the day. What do you guys think?  
Them: Well, looking across the board. It looks like Durham is, like, genuinely a really good market. Right.  
Me: Durham is a great market. Yeah.  
Them: Market if we can afford it, because the median price is about 400k.  
Me: I mean, ideally, we're aiming for below that.  
Them: Yeah. It looks like Durham. And how far Greensboro? I don't know. I don't think it looks like there's a lot of really solid opportunities. It sounds like a lot of people are moving to North Carolina. I don't know. I don't know what else to take from this other than. We have a couple good options in North Carolina.  
Me: Yeah. That was my takeaway as well.  
Them: If we're talking about the path to progress of the path of progress, it looks like Rocky Mount. Is or. Sorry, zebulon. Is there? I don't know. Population growth. Is like, I don't know what the most effective indicator of path of progress is it jobs or population?  
Me: I don't know. And jobs is really tough. To when I was looking at this, it's hard to say jobs in Zebulon because people are working Raleigh, so I use the same vet metrics for Raleigh.  
Them: Oh, I see.  
Me: As for Zebulon and Wake Forest, those are suburbs of Raleigh. Its own microcosm, if you ask me. I think for progress or just like we'll see growth within a year or two, I think we can just look at. The larger cities as the center of a circle and then just go out from there. Like for durham. From downtown. Or, like, just proper Durham if you go drive. North and east, 20 minutes. North, south, east, west or whatever. That's probably where the edge of stuff starts to happen, and then the growth will probably happen in that next couple miles. Raleigh is a lot bigger. So it's going to half an hour, 45 minutes away. But honestly, I didn't even look at Hillsborough, Mebin, Burlington. Like, these areas are also kind of sort of growing. Yeah, I think. Honestly, I think. Any city around Durham, Raleigh, maybe Chapel Hill. Feel promising. And then I'll same with Goldsboro Greensboro. I pulled some numbers for flipping stats to look at that, but I can get to that later. But a lot of North Carolina stuff also. Seemed to be in the green relatively so I think the purpose of this, for me, was just validating what we already thought we wanted to do. And we can kind of move on from here, if you ask me. Yeah. It does help, though, to see the median price. I mean, we should go look at specific properties because median prices. Median. But like, Chapel Hill is very expensive. I don't know if that means we won't find a property. It probably just means it'll be a lot harder. To find. Yeah, I don't really want to go to Chapel Hill. I feel like it's too built up already. There's so much. I don't know. Eventually we'll get there, but I don't. I think Raleigh's start there. I think Raleigh is the same. Yeah. In my head. I'm thinking, like, somewhere in the outskirts. Either. One of the cities we haven't looked at yet, but just like essentially a Zebulonish type city, where it's like, in the outskirts of where we're already living at the moment. Or even further out, like gold, bro. But I think. And then Durham being the most. Highest price point. So what we should start with. But I wouldn't go. I wouldn't go. I would sort of leave Raleigh alone. Like the city of Raleigh or the burp City of Raleigh. Yeah, I would say the same about the city of Durham. Too. It's so expensive. But there's so much room for upside in Durham with the, like, zoning thing we talked about with better. Yeah, that's true. Price point is a little hard to start. You know, like, I think we could. I don't think we have to wait to do that. What, like get to $100,000, work with better and buy property. That is, you know, whatever. Four. Hundred grander. What are you saying the target should be? I think if we were to, like, let's say if we wanted to pick a place like Goldsboro or Melinda or somewhere else like that, then we would probably find properties for much cheaper. And we wouldn't have to bring as much money to the table. Yeah, yeah, I agree with that. Cool. Okay, so just repeating back the takeaways that I'm hearing. Most of the North Carolina cities feel promising. I think the, like, core city cities are probably. Like city centers. We should probably avoid especially Raleigh. Chapel Hill is a really old city, so it's been built up and it's expensive. Durham. There might be, like, pockets here and there. If we can do, like, creative. Plot stuff, but maybe the outskirts of Durham, but then. The. I call him the boonies. But goldsboro, greensboro. Zebulon. Wake Forest is really expensive. But it's. Yeah, it's grown a lot, but it is also now expanding. I don't know what the burbs are around Wake Forest. I thought Wake Forest was the burb. I think Wake Forest has been built up quite a bit in the last few years and is now, like, correcting in terms of. Yeah, I don't see very many actual around it. 's a lot of forest. There's been a lot of new construction in that area, too. And so I think that there has been a little bit of correction with prices. And like, yes, there's a lot of growth there, but I think there's also a lot of supply there, too. But a lot of, like, new construction. So I don't think people will be looking for, like. Like, I don't think if we found an old home and tried to revamp it, I don't. I think we would be competing with a lot of new construction homes. Right. If you ask me, it doesn't really make sense to go to Wake Forest. Unless we wanted to buy, like, a new construction property, like, whatsoever did. That feels fine. But also in that example, he told us recently that he's losing money on that one. Yeah. He's not cash flowing. Honestly, we were. I. Okay, I was a little bit confused at how he was planning to cash flow on that property because everyone on all of these real estate, like, education things tell you you have to factor in, like, all sorts of stuff. You have to factor in, obviously, your mortgage, how much that's going to be. Taxes, insurance, but then also like vacancy rate. So, like, putting in some amount of money each month in case you, like, lose a month or two of rent coming in so that you can still pay for it. And then also maintenance, cap expenditures, all that stuff. He didn't really factor in any of that. He just said his mortgage was what? He said, like 2100. And he was putting this property on the market for 2,400. So he was planning on cash flowing like 2 to $300. A month. But, like, he. I don't think he factored in any of the other stuff. And granted, it's a new construction property, so he probably doesn't really need to factor in much for Capex, which is essentially like the big, like, roof replacement and whatever, whatever. But, like, you still have to factor in a little bit, like, he eventually is going to have to replace some stuff. So I don't know. And then it took him, like, a month or two to find a tenant. I think, like, at least a month.  
Them: That's not that long.  
Me: No, it's not. But that's the month of mortgage that you then have to pay. And if that happens once a year, then you're not making 12 months of rent, you're making 11 months of rent. Those are one Wake Forest example. But I'm fine to not go out that far. I mean, even just looking at pricing, it doesn't look like it makes sense for a rehab market anyway. Okay? Any. Other questions we need to figure out around market. Are we okay to, like, narrow down to some of the North Carolina burbie.  
Them: I'm happy to narrow it down. Visakh. Can we see what you did?  
Me: Area. Yeah, we can see if there's an overlap. With share screen, okay? So I did this with claude. Basically what I did was I gave it context on what we're trying to do. I said I wanted to understand the relationship between all the different real estate strategies that we're thinking about. Effort, like, how many hours and also, like, complexity of doing the thing, like, especially the rehabs. So that the Pacific passivity part of the buy box. Then there's. Risk. So what's the probability, roughly, that you will turn a profit as expected, or break even, or take a loss? And then ROI. So, like, typically, over the last I looked at 2024, 2025. So what's the like expected return? I gave it the cities that were in the market analysis. This morning, so I don't think. I don't know if it had all the data, but it had the cities, so it could compare the Right, like, tier geographies for benchmarks. Like similar cities in other states. So. Yeah. Turnkey. Long term rental is the first one. Light rehab, or called it like bur light, which is just changing the finishes, like, change out some lights. Maybe swap out an appliance or two, but not, like, breaking stuff down. And really fixing something up. On the spectrum of rehab, then burr is probably a little bit more medium, and then fix and flip is probably on the higher end. So these are the effort scores. It gave, and it gave a bunch of sources, and I read through them and it felt right. I tweaked a couple. Obviously effort score for like the light rehab and below is going to be low. It did in hours per month. So hours per month was the physical work of the rehab, but also just managing the project. So, like, contractors might work more than, like, 10 hours, but we would probably have to be monitoring or dealing with them or checking on it once a week or whatever. The frequency is. Some of these are ongoing. It's like long term rentals or even light rehab. Long term rentals? We're going to be property managers to some extent forever, theoretically, unless you sell it. The last two you get rid of, like Flip or. Rent over a cycle. Is the only one that. You sell? Everything. Yeah. Sorry. That's not what I meant. The. Damn thing. Fine. Okay. Anyway, there are a bunch of numbers here, but I tried to graph it on a bubble chart. Because that fell intuitive, but it's hard to read. Basically, I was trying to see, like, the bubble is the roi. The size and then effort and risk are the axes turnkey relative, like for the geographies that we're thinking about, which are like tier three, tier four. Cities, towns, whatever. Through all the analysis, there are all these tabs. The light, rehab bur or like a brrrr light. The green one was what it recommended based on like. It interviewed me based on like. How many hours do you have per week or per month? How much expertise do you all have? How much funding do you have? How much risk tolerance, what's your long term plan, blah, blah, blah. They gave it the best answers they had and it recommended green, purple if you really want to push it and get more back sooner. But it recommended for like a first one, probably green, where like turnkey would be like super conservative. And it was like you're not going to get much profit per month, and it'll also be a bit more competitive. With, like, new construction stuff. So just in terms of deal type. That's what the analysis landed on. These were, like, the questions it asked. And I scored these from 1 to 5. Like, how much money you have, familiarity in the area. Blah blah blah. I guess on like network stuff, but obviously I told it this might be a 2, but we plan on increasing it to a 3 and so on. I looked at try to give it a bunch of cities and added some more to look at the flip stats from 2025. Because as we started going through this, it kept saying, flipping doesn't seem like a good idea right now because it's slowing down. Across the US There are some cities that were like, anomalies. I think they're somewhere in Virginia. Was good. Texas was, like, terrible. And I was curious about North Carolina cities. And so like flip rate is what percentage of real estate deals were tracked as flips and then gross profit, roi. And then here over year change is probably the most important one. Here a lot of it is down and flat. Very few are up. Atlanta. I guess the city. Which is a massive. Set of zip codes is up. And, like, some random burbs around coming are up, but, like, for the majority of these. Which includes the neighboring burbs. A lot of it is down from year over year, which kind of matches what the bigger pockets do to. Us was saying too, like, it's probably not the best year from a risk perspective to flip. If you're expecting it to go super successfully versus, like, five years ago, it was a great time to flip. I also think that career flippers like people who have done this for a long time will know what to look for to find a good, profitable deal, and probably will be the ones that continue doing it. But like, for us to get into it, it feels like a riskier proposition. Yeah. Angry. And you can also see like, how like almost all of these are single digit flip rates, except for some of. The bigger cities. But even like in North Carolina, there are like 6 or 7% of real estate deals or flips. So I think the market is just trending that way. These are the takeaways that I told it to summarize down here, Raleigh is not a good flip market. The ROI is really low, relatively, on average, I think it was estimating like 20 to 40% because there's a lot of rehab and buffer that you need, and that just wasn't able to cover a lot of it. Detroit stands out. That's interesting. Yeah, Detroit is really good. The reason it didn't rank quite as highly on the list I can show in a second was because it was really far for both of us, remotely for all of us. And so we're at least familiar with the market. Contractors I'm keeping an eye on. It. So if we ever feel comfortable, like, in the next year or two, like, I would love to move over to Detroit. Yeah, we should. We should still look at it. And so this was the output of all of that. So I was like, What if we're thinking about light rehab or, like, burr lights, like medium rehab? What cities should we think about? What area? So this would include some verbs, but it also separated them out. It ranked 123 here. So Zebulon, Greensboro and Rocky Mount were the three, Durham was five, what was four. Detroit was four. So we can still keep an eye on it. And we don't have to use this as, like, a source of truth list. But you can also see the most expensive cities. Raleigh at Chapel Hill, Wake Forest are like, bottom three. And then coming as far and somehow expensive. So basically, these seem to rank the highest in terms of the different variables that I had it pull out. So it used the rent to price from your market analysis and then also found its own. When you didn't have it yet. And then it looks that growth potential and distance from Durham in miles and then like supply. So, like, how many deals? Statistically. So, like, it's gonna. There's gonna be an error margin for error around all of this, but. As like a soft ranking. This feels like it lines up with the stuff that you all are seeing too.  
Them: This is really good. You do a lot of stuff.  
Me: Claude did a lot of stuff. I just had to monitor it. Yeah. So if we want to reuse this, we can just, like, tell it to narrow it down and go deeper in the future. If you want to, like, dig into. That, but I don't know. I think, like, strategically, the bur somewhere in the middle of these two. Pink and green, purple and green. Essentially what you mean is like light to medium rehab, right? That's like, not like a super heavy gut rehab at the moment. Yeah, I thought it might have described. What these are. Like the different strategies. They might have done it in the chat, but basically light, it said, was just the finishes. So like swap out light pendant lights or light chandeliers or like light painting versus rehab. Is putting in hardwood or a new countertop or adding a bathroom. Which is way more intense but adds way more value. Too. So, yeah, I feel pretty confident saying no to a flip, which is sad because it's a get rich quick option of the four, but it doesn't sound like it's the market for that. And we've heard that a few times now, so I think we can, I think, like, ideal at the moment. Would be to acquire properties. Because if we can do that at a lower price point, which all the markets are kind of dropping price now, that's good, we can acquire properties relatively low, and then eventually it will turn around and go up again. Yeah, at least if we buy in the right cities. Even if it's a rental. As soon as a tenant pieces out, we have the option to sell or even sell before that. But we could change to a later People hold on to these, Like, I think we reassess every, like, you know, year, a couple years. See, like, how are properties doing? And then there's a metric called. Cash to or no. Return on equity. Because eventually, as your cash flow comes in, And your equity goes up over time. Then that return on equity value becomes lower. And so eventually, you have a lot of equity that you're sitting on that you could then reutilize to deploy to something else or whatever. So that's when people start to, like, sell. Because if. If you have. Another deal or something like that. Which will get you a higher return on that. Physical value. Then it may be worth it. So. There are, like, lots of metrics people use too. Assess investment success. So these were the definitions for the different levels of rehab. Light, medium and full. Just for visualizing. Because they all seem the same to me. A little bit in the middle. Kitchen or bath. Rehab. Budget 1500 30K. It is nice to see like the how far below market we might want to target. Which could help based on our budget and the cities that we're looking at. Yeah. Refinance if they are vis support. Yes. Critical. Stretch in there. Casual recover. Y. My. Next deal with new. Capital accelerate. D with partial. Yeah. I mean, our goal is. If we do a proper burr and it works out and we are able to pull cash out at the time of refinance, then it essentially does the same job as a flip where you get some of your money back and you can use it for another deal. But you still have to hold on to that property, and you get the benefits of that. That's why it's so ideal. Yeah. The full burr feels a bit. Intimidating to me, given our experience level. That's just what Claude is calling it. A burr is just a strategy. No, no, I know that. I'm not saying. About heavy rehab. That's what I'm talking about. Like, redoing several rooms, including, like, a piece of plumbing, kitchen, bath. Breaking down a wall. Like, a really, really almost unlivable property. Bringing that to, like, way above market would be feels. Challenging. To me personally.  
Them: I agree. I have a suggestion for what we do next.  
Me: Are they cool?  
Them: I think it would be good if all of us went and we found some properties. And we came next week with one or two properties with a case for why we think it's a good deal. And bring some numbers for to back it up. Like how much we think we can make off of it and what it would look like.  
Me: If you find one. It's a good deal.  
Them: Well, we don't have to buy just like, from practice.  
Me: No, I've been doing that, and I feel like I don't haven't found any actual good deals.  
Them: Oh, really?  
Me: Yeah. Where were you looking? Durham. Well, this last week I was looking at Goldsboro. But I think the. The part that I'm missing is the cost of rehab. Like, I think I might be overestimating it. And that might be contributing to why deals aren't really penciling out. Bigger pockets has a rehab cost estimate. Calculator. Yeah, but you can log in to my Burger Potty. There are a lot of calculators, aren't they? Yeah, they just go through. I feel like a rough range is totally fine. Like, the part. I think the gist is just practicing. But also, look at some of these cities that we're narrowing down too, seriously. So I'm just going to highlight them. Rocky Mount, Goldsboro, Greensboro. Zebulon, we'll add. Look at Zebulonish.  
Them: Personally for me, I think I want the practice of. Looking myself, because right now I feel like you guys are doing a lot of the work, and I just don't know. I'm learning a lot of things, but I actually want some practice of applying the concepts.  
Me: That sounds great. Same. So what exactly are the steps to analyzing? A property. Yeah, great question. So first is to figure out. If you're going to look at a property that you want to rehab, we have to figure out what's his after repair value. And work backwards from there. So there's a couple ways to do it. The like, old school official way is to look at recently sold comparable properties. So you go to like Zillow or whatever where you're looking for all this. Find a property and then you look at. You're looking for comps. So essentially, what that means is comparable properties. So step one is like you then look at sold, and you want to look at most recently sold. So anywhere in the last. 30 days to 60 days to 90 days. And then you want to try to find properties that are as close in location as possible. And it has the same bedroom, bathroom, roughly the same square footage, roughly built around the same time as similar properties as you can find. And you also want to look at the pictures and make sure that it's like, looks like the way that you would potentially do it. And you would want to find at least three to five properties that are comparable. We can also write out the detailed steps. After, but I'm just going to note down the, like, high level steps in the or. You can too.  
Them: I get access to bigger pockets, by the way.  
Me: Yeah. Sit in one Password. Yeah. Shared the login. Y. Es. It is. The first step is calculate arb. So that's the official way to do it. The other way you can do it is there's this app. That I recently heard about. What was it called again? Backflip. And that app, you just put in an address and it'll auto populate like a bunch of comparable properties. And then you can like scroll through and check and include, if you want to include them in your comp list, and it'll estimate an ARV based on that. And then that's step one. Step two is to estimate how much it might cost for rehab a property. So, like, rough. Rough estimates are, like they say. Light rehab is around $25 per square foot, medium rehab is about $50 per square foot, and then, like, a heavy rehab is $75 square foot. But it can vary, obviously, quite a bit. So then the amount that you would get from a hard money lender or from like a short term lender is they would give you 65 to 70% of the ARV minus the rehab costs. And that's how much you're max allowable offer is. And so based on that value, Plus your rehab cost. That's how much usually they will lend you. So they, they, they calculate out like 65 to 70% of your ARV, minus the rehab cost is your maximum allowable offer. So let's say. Because that's what you could get a loan for. Yeah, that's the most that they will lend to you, apparently. Is there a down payment? And there might be. Yeah, depending on your level of experience and stuff. So you find the property. You find comparable properties that tell you what the ARV could be. Then you estimate the rehab cost. There's probably some benchmarks online we can use, too. And then you calculate the maximum amount you're willing to pay, which is a percentage of the arv, minus the costs. And then at the same time, we should figure out how much you could potentially get for rent, which is. Yeah. Estimate rent and then. Before that. You probably also want to calculate the holding cost. So however long the rehab might take and guesstimating how much your interest will be. For your short term loan because usually these loans are structured as you pay interest only for the number of months. And then at the end of the term, you have to pay the rest of it, like all of it off. So that's at the point where you either sell it or you refinance it. So you're just. You're just. You're just paying interest for that time period. In the middle, but the interest would be anywhere from like 12, 10 to 15% and not like, a low interest like conventional loans. Okay, so then you have submit the rent, and then you'll have to estimate your refinance. Mortgage, which is if it's for, like, a commercial loan, like an llc, if we have a company, then it'll be like a DSCR loan, which is basically like a loan that you can. That is based off of how much money you're bringing in. So it's specifically for people who have rental properties. What they'll do is they'll take. They'll lend to you. They'll also estimate your property value, which is, like, supposed to be your arv, but they'll do another appraisal towards the end of the rehab period. And they'll lend to you up to 75% of that. And then what's the next step? And then once you calculate your mortgage based on that, you can determine whether or not your property will cash flow after the refinance. So. This equ. Als x. So. Ar. Good. Deal equals. Er. V. X. A good deal would be like if your rent is greater than X. All right. Hopefully you can also get some money back out of the deal. Money. From. The. How do you do that? So, like when you refinance, for instance, if you've made so much equity that you can pull some money out. Okay, I see. Yeah.  
Them: Equity. You mean just like home value?  
Me: What?  
Them: By equity you mean home value.  
Me: Yeah, so. Like, for instance.  
Them: The refinance happens right before you put it on the market. Or like, as you're putting it on the market.  
Me: No, no. A refinance means that you are getting a new mortgage on it. Putting it on the market means you're selling it.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: What might be.  
Them: So, just so I understand, just so I understand the process, you find a property. You get a loan. A short term loan. Then you rehab it, and then you refinance, and then you find somebody. Then you find, like, a tenant.  
Me: Or you could rent it out and then refinance. Yeah.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: Y. Eah.  
Them: I see.  
Me: One thing that might help me. And maybe also all of us, since you're probably most familiar with this. Do you want to pick a property good deal or not? Either one's fine, and then just, like, record yourself. Going through these steps. That property. In, like, one go. Not now, but at some point, and then we can, like, see what tools you're using. Jesus for each of these, and then the calculations, and then you can, like, talk through. Process.  
Them: Alternative.  
Me: Do with my app? Yeah, we can do that in parallel. But at least just to get the practice of analyzing and evaluating potential properties. What did you say? Sh.  
Them: I was going to say, it sounds like something you could also do, like at our next call. But if a video is helpful, then maybe it's better.  
Me: It it all out. I'm not sure if I'll talk through it. I just thought that might be faster for you. Because you can transcribe it, you don't have to write it. I. Find it easier. I'll turn it into steps for you. Without you having to write. Maybe. All right. I'll figure it out. Okay. I like that idea. Okay, do we want to split out these cities? Or do we want to just free for all? Them.  
Them: I feel like we should just free for all.  
Me: Okay? Sure. Maybe for you. Each one do one from each place. No. Just go and look and see what you feel inspired by. And I did. Okay. I'm gonna get one from each place then. Okay? That's what you can do. Variety. That's a lot of deals, though, that you need. One deal times five. Five deals. They say that you usually have to, like, analyze a lot of deals before you're find one. All right, so that's what I'm gonna do. Five. Good for you. One a day. Okay? Cool. That is an action item for everyone. I'll say at least two deals. That's at least one. At least two deals analyzed show your math. Somewhere. Yeah. Okay. I like the idea. Cool. So how. Do we. How narrow do we need to be with the number of cities to have our buy box figured out? There's like five or six too many. Or do is that fine? We just, like, monitor. I think once we actually start to look at properties, we will start to see where we're seeing promising things. But also it kind of depends on who we are going to try to engage. In our team. So, for instance, if we end up with Greensboro or that region, What's. His name. What? 's his name? Someone. You know someone? Yeah, I know who is. Sorry. I need to know this now. Okay? What is pat? He is a realtor. He works for better now, but he is a realtor and he does burrs in the Greensboro area. And so he probably knows people. And he's also a proper. He has a property management company, so, like, he is probably well connected out there. There is another realtor. Lady who I met recently. She's really nice, but she's kind of newer. She would probably be more of, like the Durham Triangle area. But I don't know anyone you know out. In or Durham, Raleigh area. And then she might go as far as Zebulon. That's like the opposite direction of Greensboro. So I don't expect Cat to know. So which. So I think it kind of depends on who we want to engage, who we already know or like. Which of these cities do you feel like we. You have the most network. Durham. Or like even second degree connections. Like someone you know probably knows people in this city. Which probably Greensboro and Zabulon. But I think that we once. But I think that my point is, like, if we chose, if we were all like, oh, let's go all in on Goldsboro, then we just build a team out there, you know, like, try to find realtor out there. We then try to find, like, people out there. I don't think we have to limit ourselves to the people that we already know. Yeah. I'm just holding them so we know. Okay? Cool. So we can focus on the deal analysis for this week. Next week. Cool. Maybe by then we'll have the analysis calculator situation done. I can work on that with you, and then we can. Get it fixed up.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: Busy Autumn? Maybe a little bit.  
Them: Yeah. I'm gonna go play tennis.  
Me: Nice. How warm is it there? It's so cold here.  
Them: 66.  
Me: I mean, I still played today, but it was like, 38 degrees.  
Them: Oh, God.  
Me: I didn't like it. All right. let 
